Readme changes and addition of jupyter configs (#18)
broadinstitute/gnomad-toolbox: README.md

│   ├── intro_to_filtering_variant_data.ipynb # Introduction to filtering gnomAD variants.
│   ├── dive_into_secondary_analyses.ipynb   # Secondary analyses using gnomAD data.
```

---

## Set Up Your Environment for Hail and gnomAD Toolbox

This section provides step-by-step instructions to set up a working environment for using [Hail](https://hail.is/) and the gnomAD Toolbox.

> We provide this guide to help you set up your environment, but we cannot guarantee that it will work on all systems.
> If you encounter any issues, you can reach out to us on the [gnomAD Forum](https://discuss.gnomad.broadinstitute.org),
> and if it is something that we have come across before, we will try to help you out.

### Prerequisites

Before installing the toolbox, ensure the following:
- Administrator access to install software.
- A working Python >3.9 environment.
- Java **11**.
  > For macOS: [Hail recommends](https://hail.is/docs/0.2/install/macosx.html) using a packaged installation from
  > [Azul](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-11-lts&os=macos&package=jdk&show-old-builds=true) or using
  > [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
  > ```commandline
  > brew tap homebrew/cask-versions

>   > brew install --cask temurin8

Reviewer: This is what I have on my personal PC after getting JAVA 11 and using your brach to install, I can't install CLANG because I don't have enough space (it needs >16G). 
<img width="1436" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 11 22 19 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/407ade73-5959-413e-ac31-6ab8c442b086" />

Reviewer: Someone else could test this from the start?

Author: @ch-kr or @mike-w-wilson Can you think of anyone that wouldn't already have the command line developer tools installed that can try this? 

I had Cody go through it, but he already had them installed

Reviewer 2: maybe we could ask someone in the TGG intro to computing group to try it out?

Author: Yeah, I think we should get this into the main branch and then we can see if anyone would be willing to try it out

- **Perform Secondary Analyses:**
   - Explore more advanced analyses using gnomAD data.
   - Notebook: `dive_into_secondary_analyses.ipynb`

## Run the Example Notebooks Locally
> If you already have experience with Google Cloud and using Jupyter notebooks, you can skip this section and use the
> notebooks in your preferred environment.

### Install the Cloud Storage Connector

Hail uses the Google Cloud Storage Connector to read and write data from Google Cloud Storage. The easiest way to
install the connector is to use the `install-gcs-connector` script provided by the Broad Institute:
```commandline
curl -sSL https://broad.io/install-gcs-connector | python3 - --auth-type UNAUTHENTICATED
```

### Copy and Open the Notebooks

1. Copy the notebooks to a directory of your choice:
   ```commandline
   copy-gnomad-toolbox-notebooks /path/to/your/notebooks
   ```
   > If the specified directory already exists, you will need to provide a different path, or if you want to overwrite
   > the existing directory, you will need to add the `--overwrite` flag:
   >   ```commandline
   >   copy-gnomad-toolbox-notebooks /path/to/your/notebooks --overwrite
   >   ```

> 2. Start Jupyter with gnomad-toolbox specific configurations:

Reviewer: Add a note that users can't have other notebooks open in their browser.

Reviewer: sorry it's not necessary, I had my other notebook open and it first had the adblocker page jumping out, I thought I can't have two open at the same time.

   - For Jupyter Notebook:
     ```commandline
     gnomad-toolbox-jupyter notebook
     ```
   - For Jupyter Lab:
     ```commandline
     gnomad-toolbox-jupyter lab
     ```

   > These commands will start a Jupyter notebook/lab server and open a new tab in your default web browser. The
   > notebook directory containing the example notebooks will be displayed.

> 3. Open the `explore_release_data.ipynb` notebook to learn how to load gnomAD release data:

Reviewer: I still get 400 bad request error, why don't we need export anymore? 
ClientResponseError: 400, message='Bad Request', url=URL('https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v4/token') body='{\n  "error": "invalid_grant",\n  "error_description": "Bad Request"\n}'

Author: Did you do this
```
curl -sSL https://broad.io/install-gcs-connector | python3 - --auth-type UNAUTHENTICATED
```

Author: Cody tested this on his computer (with no google cloud account) and this is what we use to bypass needing a google cloud account in the gnomad_methods Actions

Reviewer: Yes, I did. I tried again, it got me 404, maybe because I already have my gcs account?

Author: I already have my gcs account too though, and it's working for me, so I don't think it's that

Reviewer 3: This seems similar to the error you had messaged me about back in December @KoalaQin , have you restarted your laptop?

Reviewer: I think back then, I had to use `export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=path-to-your-key/hail-local-sa-key.json` in my env.

Reviewer: But I will restart and try this again.

Author: Yes, setting `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` will solve it too, but requires the google account, so I switched to this method. I just confirmed that It's working on my machine and on Cody's, and `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` is not set

Author: If still not working try running
```
unset GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS
gcloud auth revoke --all
gcloud auth application-default revoke
```
To make sure it's not trying to use your other gcloud info

Author: Can you send the full error?

Reviewer: ```
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
ClientResponseError                       Traceback (most recent call last)
Cell In[3], line 1
----> 1 ht = get_gnomad_release(data_type='exomes', version='4.1')

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/gnomad_toolbox/load_data.py:298, in get_gnomad_release(dataset, data_type, version)
    249 def get_gnomad_release(
    250     dataset: str = "variant",
    251     data_type: Optional[str] = None,
    252     version: Optional[str] = None,
    253 ) -> hl.Table:
    254     """
    255     Get gnomAD HT by dataset, data type, and version.
    256 
   (...)
    296     :return: Hail Table for requested dataset, data type, and version.
    297     """
--> 298     return _get_dataset(dataset=dataset, data_type=data_type, version=version)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/gnomad_toolbox/load_data.py:246, in _get_dataset(ht, dataset, data_type, version)
    243 if isinstance(res, VersionedTableResource):
    244     res = res.versions[version]
--> 246 return res.ht()

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/gnomad/resources/resource_utils.py:538, in GnomadPublicResource.__init_subclass__.<locals>._wrap_read_resource_method.<locals>.read_resource(self, *args, **kwargs)
    533 @wraps(original_method)
    534 def read_resource(self, *args, **kwargs):
    535     # If one of the known sources is selected, check if the resource is available.
    536     # For custom sources, skip the check and attempt to read the resource.
    537     resource_source = gnomad_public_resource_configuration.source
--> 538     if not self.is_resource_available():
    539         if resource_source == GnomadPublicResourceSource.GNOMAD:
    540             message = (
    541                 "This resource is not currently available from the gnomAD"
    542                 " project public buckets."
    543             )

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/gnomad/resources/resource_utils.py:629, in GnomadPublicResource.is_resource_available(self)
    621 # Hail Tables, MatrixTables, and BlockMatrices are directories.
    622 # For those, check for the existence of the _SUCCESS object.
    623 path_to_test = (
    624     f"{path}/_SUCCESS"
    625     if any(path.endswith(ext) for ext in (".ht", ".mt", ".bm"))
    626     else path
    627 )
--> 629 return hl.current_backend().fs.exists(path_to_test)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/fs/router_fs.py:253, in RouterFS.exists(self, path)
    250         dir_path = dir_path + '/'
    251     return any(await asyncio.gather(self.afs.isfile(path), self.afs.isdir(dir_path)))
--> 253 return async_to_blocking(_exists())

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:186, in async_to_blocking(coro)
    184     exc = task.exception()
    185     if exc:
--> 186         raise exc
    187 else:
    188     task.cancel()

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:181, in async_to_blocking(coro)
    179 task = asyncio.ensure_future(coro)
    180 try:
--> 181     return loop.run_until_complete(task)
    182 finally:
    183     if task.done() and not task.cancelled():

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/nest_asyncio.py:98, in _patch_loop.<locals>.run_until_complete(self, future)
     95 if not f.done():
     96     raise RuntimeError(
     97         'Event loop stopped before Future completed.')
---> 98 return f.result()

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/asyncio/futures.py:203, in Future.result(self)
    201 self.__log_traceback = False
    202 if self._exception is not None:
--> 203     raise self._exception.with_traceback(self._exception_tb)
    204 return self._result

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/asyncio/tasks.py:279, in Task.__step(***failed resolving arguments***)
    277         result = coro.send(None)
    278     else:
--> 279         result = coro.throw(exc)
    280 except StopIteration as exc:
    281     if self._must_cancel:
    282         # Task is cancelled right before coro stops.

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/fs/router_fs.py:251, in RouterFS.exists.<locals>._exists()
    249 if dir_path[-1] != '/':
    250     dir_path = dir_path + '/'
--> 251 return any(await asyncio.gather(self.afs.isfile(path), self.afs.isdir(dir_path)))

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/asyncio/tasks.py:349, in Task.__wakeup(self, future)
    347 def __wakeup(self, future):
    348     try:
--> 349         future.result()
    350     except BaseException as exc:
    351         # This may also be a cancellation.
    352         self.__step(exc)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/asyncio/tasks.py:277, in Task.__step(***failed resolving arguments***)
    273 try:
    274     if exc is None:
    275         # We use the `send` method directly, because coroutines
    276         # don't have `__iter__` and `__next__` methods.
--> 277         result = coro.send(None)
    278     else:
    279         result = coro.throw(exc)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiotools/router_fs.py:153, in RouterAsyncFS.isdir(self, url)
    151 async def isdir(self, url: str) -> bool:
    152     fs = await self._get_fs(url)
--> 153     return await fs.isdir(url)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/aiogoogle/client/storage_client.py:861, in GoogleStorageAsyncFS.isdir(self, url)
    859 assert not fsurl._path or fsurl.path.endswith('/'), fsurl._path
    860 params = {'prefix': fsurl._path, 'delimiter': '/', 'includeTrailingDelimiter': 'true', 'maxResults': 1}
--> 861 async for page in await self._storage_client.list_objects(fsurl._bucket, params=params):
    862     prefixes = page.get('prefixes')
    863     items = page.get('items')

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/aiogoogle/client/storage_client.py:57, in PageIterator.__anext__(self)
     55 if self._page is None:
     56     assert 'pageToken' not in self._request_params
---> 57     self._page = await retry_transient_errors(
     58         self._client.get, self._path, params=self._request_params, **self._request_kwargs
     59     )
     60     return self._page
     62 next_page_token = self._page.get('nextPageToken')

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:792, in retry_transient_errors(f, *args, **kwargs)
    791 async def retry_transient_errors(f: Callable[..., Awaitable[T]], *args, **kwargs) -> T:
--> 792     return await retry_transient_errors_with_debug_string('', 0, f, *args, **kwargs)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:809, in retry_transient_errors_with_debug_string(debug_string, warning_delay_msecs, f, *args, **kwargs)
    807 while True:
    808     try:
--> 809         return await f(*args, **kwargs)
    810     except KeyboardInterrupt:
    811         raise

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/common/base_client.py:26, in CloudBaseClient.get(self, *args, **kwargs)
     25 async def get(self, *args, **kwargs) -> Any:
---> 26     return await self.request('GET', *args, **kwargs)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/common/base_client.py:22, in CloudBaseClient.request(self, method, path, url, **kwargs)
     20     assert path
     21     url = f'{self._base_url}{path}'
---> 22 async with await self._session.request(method, url, **kwargs) as resp:
     23     return await resp.json()

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/common/session.py:105, in Session.request(self, method, url, **kwargs)
    103 retry = kwargs.pop('retry', True)
    104 if retry:
--> 105     return await retry_transient_errors(self._request_with_valid_authn, method, url, **kwargs)
    106 return await self._request_with_valid_authn(method, url, **kwargs)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:792, in retry_transient_errors(f, *args, **kwargs)
    791 async def retry_transient_errors(f: Callable[..., Awaitable[T]], *args, **kwargs) -> T:
--> 792     return await retry_transient_errors_with_debug_string('', 0, f, *args, **kwargs)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:809, in retry_transient_errors_with_debug_string(debug_string, warning_delay_msecs, f, *args, **kwargs)
    807 while True:
    808     try:
--> 809         return await f(*args, **kwargs)
    810     except KeyboardInterrupt:
    811         raise

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/common/session.py:110, in Session._request_with_valid_authn(self, method, url, **kwargs)
    108 async def _request_with_valid_authn(self, method, url, **kwargs):
    109     while True:
--> 110         auth_headers, expiration = await self._credentials.auth_headers_with_expiration()
    111         if auth_headers:
    112             if 'headers' in kwargs:

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/aiogoogle/credentials.py:127, in GoogleCredentials.auth_headers_with_expiration(self)
    126 async def auth_headers_with_expiration(self) -> Tuple[Dict[str, str], Optional[float]]:
--> 127     token, expiration = await self.access_token_with_expiration()
    128     return {'Authorization': f'Bearer {token}'}, expiration

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/aiogoogle/credentials.py:132, in GoogleCredentials.access_token_with_expiration(self)
    130 async def access_token_with_expiration(self) -> Tuple[str, Optional[float]]:
    131     if self._access_token is None or self._access_token.expired():
--> 132         self._access_token = await self._get_access_token()
    133     return self._access_token.token, self._access_token._expiry_time

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/aiocloud/aiogoogle/credentials.py:160, in GoogleApplicationDefaultCredentials._get_access_token(self)
    159 async def _get_access_token(self) -> GoogleExpiringAccessToken:
--> 160     token_dict = await retry_transient_errors(
    161         self._http_session.post_read_json,
    162         'https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v4/token',
    163         headers={'content-type': 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded'},
    164         data=urlencode({
    165             'grant_type': 'refresh_token',
    166             'client_id': self.credentials['client_id'],
    167             'client_secret': self.credentials['client_secret'],
    168             'refresh_token': self.credentials['refresh_token'],
    169         }),
    170     )
    171     return GoogleExpiringAccessToken.from_dict(token_dict)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:792, in retry_transient_errors(f, *args, **kwargs)
    791 async def retry_transient_errors(f: Callable[..., Awaitable[T]], *args, **kwargs) -> T:
--> 792     return await retry_transient_errors_with_debug_string('', 0, f, *args, **kwargs)

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/utils/utils.py:809, in retry_transient_errors_with_debug_string(debug_string, warning_delay_msecs, f, *args, **kwargs)
    807 while True:
    808     try:
--> 809         return await f(*args, **kwargs)
    810     except KeyboardInterrupt:
    811         raise

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/httpx.py:192, in ClientSession.post_read_json(self, *args, **kwargs)
    191 async def post_read_json(self, *args, **kwargs) -> Any:
--> 192     async with self.post(*args, **kwargs) as resp:
    193         return await resp.json()

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/aiohttp/client.py:1425, in _BaseRequestContextManager.__aenter__(self)
   1424 async def __aenter__(self) -> _RetType:
-> 1425     self._resp: _RetType = await self._coro
   1426     return await self._resp.__aenter__()

File ~/miniconda3/envs/gnomad-toolbox-test/lib/python3.11/site-packages/hailtop/httpx.py:148, in ClientSession.request.<locals>.request_and_raise_for_status()
    146         body = (await resp.read()).decode()
    147         await resp.release()
--> 148         raise ClientResponseError(
    149             resp.request_info,
    150             resp.history,
    151             status=resp.status,
    152             message=resp.reason,
    153             headers=resp.headers,
    154             body=body,
    155         )
    156 return resp

ClientResponseError: 400, message='Bad Request', url=URL('https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v4/token') body='{\n  "error": "invalid_grant",\n  "error_description": "Bad Request"\n}'
```

Before installing the toolbox, ensure the following:
- Administrator access to install software.
- A working Python >3.9 environment.
- Java **11**.
  > For macOS: [Hail recommends](https://hail.is/docs/0.2/install/macosx.html) using a packaged installation from
  > [Azul](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-11-lts&os=macos&package=jdk&show-old-builds=true) or using
  > [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
  > ```commandline
  > brew tap homebrew/cask-versions
  > brew install --cask temurin8
  > ```
  > Make sure to choose a Java installation with a compatible architecture (Can be found in “Apple Menu > About This
  > Mac”), Apple M1/M2 must use an “arm64” Java, otherwise use an “x86_64” Java.

### Install Miniconda

Miniconda is a lightweight distribution of Conda.

1. Download Miniconda from the [official website](https://docs.anaconda.com/miniconda/install/).
2. Follow the installation instructions described on the download page for your operating system.
3. Verify installation:
   ```commandline
   conda --version
   ```

### Set Up a Conda Environment

Create and activate a new environment with a specified Python version for the gnomAD Toolbox:
```commandline

> conda create -n gnomad-toolbox python=3.11

Author: For conda it's actually only one, pip is two

> **Troubleshooting:** If you encounter an error such as `Error: pg_config executable not found`, install the
> `postgresql` package:
> ```commandline
> conda install postgresql
> ```

### Verify the Installation

Start a Python shell and ensure that Hail and the gnomAD Toolbox are set up correctly:
```python
import hail as hl
import gnomad_toolbox
hl.init()
print("Hail and gnomad_toolbox setup is complete!")
```

---

## Available Example Notebooks

The gnomAD Toolbox includes Jupyter notebooks to help you get started with gnomAD data:

- **Explore Release Data:**
   - Learn how to load and inspect gnomAD release data.
   - Notebook: `explore_release_data.ipynb`

- **Filter Variants:**
   - Understand how to filter variants using different criteria.
   - Notebook: `intro_to_filtering_variant_data.ipynb`

- **Perform Secondary Analyses:**
   - Explore more advanced analyses using gnomAD data.
   - Notebook: `dive_into_secondary_analyses.ipynb`

## Run the Example Notebooks Locally
> If you already have experience with Google Cloud and using Jupyter notebooks, you can skip this section and use the
> notebooks in your preferred environment.

### Install the Cloud Storage Connector

> Hail uses the Google Cloud Storage Connector to read and write data from Google Cloud Storage. The easiest way to

Author: OK, added some more context, can you take another look?

> **Disclaimer:** This package is in its early stages of development, and we are actively working on improving it.
> There may be bugs, and the API is subject to change. Feedback and contributions are highly encouraged.

---

## Repository Structure

The package is organized as follows:

```
gnomad_toolbox/
│
├── load_data.py         # Functions to load gnomAD release Hail Tables.
│
├── filtering/           # Modules for filtering gnomAD data.
│   ├── constraint.py    # Filter by constraint metrics (e.g., observed/expected ratios).
│   ├── coverage.py      # Filter by coverage thresholds.
│   ├── frequency.py     # Filter by allele frequency thresholds.
│   ├── pext.py          # Filter by predicted expression (pext) scores.
│   ├── variant.py       # Filter specific variants or sets of variants.
│   ├── vep.py           # Filter by VEP (Variant Effect Predictor) annotations.
│
├── analysis/            # Analysis functions.
│   ├── general.py       # General-purpose analyses, such as summarizing variant statistics.
│
├── notebooks/           # Example Jupyter notebooks.

> │   ├── explore_release_data.ipynb       # Guide to loading gnomAD release data.
> │   ├── intro_to_filtering_variant_data.ipynb # Introduction to filtering gnomAD variants.
> │   ├── dive_into_secondary_analyses.ipynb   # Secondary analyses using gnomAD data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── explore_release_data.ipynb                  # Guide to loading gnomAD release data.
│   ├── intro_to_filtering_variant_data.ipynb    # Introduction to filtering gnomAD variants.
│   ├── dive_into_secondary_analyses.ipynb   # Secondary analyses using gnomAD data.
```

│   ├── dive_into_secondary_analyses.ipynb   # Secondary analyses using gnomAD data.
```

---

## Set Up Your Environment for Hail and gnomAD Toolbox

This section provides step-by-step instructions to set up a working environment for using [Hail](https://hail.is/) and the gnomAD Toolbox.

> We provide this guide to help you set up your environment, but we cannot guarantee that it will work on all systems.
> If you encounter any issues, you can reach out to us on the [gnomAD Forum](https://discuss.gnomad.broadinstitute.org),
> and if it is something that we have come across before, we will try to help you out.

### Prerequisites

Before installing the toolbox, ensure the following:
- Administrator access to install software.
- A working internet connection.
- Java **11**.
  - Check your Java version:
    ```commandline
    java -version
    ```
  - If you do not have Java 11 installed:
    - For Linux, use `apt-get` or `yum` to install OpenJDK 11.
    - For macOS, [Hail recommends](https://hail.is/docs/0.2/install/macosx.html) using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
      ```commandline
      brew tap homebrew/cask-versions
      brew install --cask temurin8
      ```

>       or using a packaged installation from [Azul](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-11-lts&os=macos&package=jdk&show-old-builds=true)
>       > Make sure to choose a Java installation with a compatible architecture (Can be found in “Apple Menu > About
>       > This Mac”); Apple M1/M2 must use an “arm64” Java, otherwise use an “x86_64” Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      or using a packaged installation from [Azul](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-11-lts&os=macos&package=jdk&show-old-builds=true).
      > Ensure you choose a Java installation that matches your system architecture (found in **Apple Menu > About This Mac**).  
      > - For Apple M1/M2 chips, select an **arm64** Java package.  
      > - For Intel-based Macs, choose an **x86_64** Java package.
```
